Our group members are Ella, Elva and Michelle.
Stories：
Mi:I made this cat bc I keep seeing a lot of cat videos on tiktok. Everytime I see a cat meme I think my most favorite is the idea that some of these cats may look super small but when you let them stretch they look very long and I find it very silly so I decided to make a cat similar to the tiktoks I see
Ella:Ya is a small elf living in the jungle, last week Ella accidentally picked up by a camping trip and quietly brought back to her home, Ya does not know how to communicate with human beings and is very afraid of Ella, Ella tries to release her goodwill to tell the elf that she is very friendly, but the elf is still very afraid, Ella decided to release Ya, and she puts her in the garden of her house. When Ella decided to release Ya and put her in the garden of her house, and Ya made a sound: Ya! In fact, Ya made the sound because she hadn't drunk the dew that fairies are supposed to drink for too long and was dying of thirst, but Ella didn't understand. Slowly Ya loses her energy and in order to survive, Ya chooses to become a 2D line figure and possesses paper.
Elva:Here’s mine “Heres mine "The lore of the rat king, William. He was a humble warrior in a small village when suddenly the king of his time decided to rage war against his own kingdom. After thousnads were slaughter, William had enough. He decided to train everyday with his younger brother, he started the rebellion but one day, his family was caught and was tried for treason. This was williams breaking point. His training stop and he led the rebillion to the Kings door. Successfully slaughtering the king and his people, William was crowned as the new king. The kingdom entered the golden age under his rule. He had a choice to get surgery to hide his scar but he decided to keep it to remind him of the horrors that he promise will never happen again.

Process: For this work I use draw function to make the lines, for the curvey part I use bezier curve to made that effect. I wish the work look simple so I did not choose to put color on it.

New Story:Have you seen that circus run by the cat? It's filled with all sorts of amazing animals that look human but retain their animal characteristics. Like the ringmaster - he had the head of a cat, but the feet of a mouse! It stood, like a human, and wore exaggerated clothes. It looks fierce but is surprisingly good-tempered, and if you want to see any kind of show it will show it to you in a magical way, unless you forget to pay for it. Oh yeah, he also has a very rich friend, a black cat with an orange hat who owns a toy company called Jellycat.

Reflection：Through this assignment, I figure out more method for me to draw the thing I want. For example I use script help me to know the location of where my mouse at in order to locate the place I want to draw. I wish p5js have better function for closeing lines(? Overall, this week's assignment is not a harsh one.